# LOADING AND CLEANING DATA
I loaded the insurance.csv datasets and looked into the correlations between the variables. I handled missing values in the data and then split it into training and testing sets as part of the preprocessing phase. Then, using the testing data set, I trained and enhanced a Random Forest Regression model and evaluated its performance. Finally, I used the testing set to train and evaluate a heterogeneous ensemble model. The MSE was used as an evaluation measure for both models.

# FINDINGS ON THE INSURANCE DATASET
I received the following Random Forest Mean Squared Error in the insurance datasets: 20942520.922619622. A random forest model that has a high mean squared error (MSE) value during the training stage does not adequately fit the data.

Random Forest 1 Mean Squared Error: 19597792.53, Random Forest 2 Mean Squared Error: 19624450.05, Linear Regression Mean Squared Error: 33596915.85, Voting Regressor Mean Squared Error: 20047686.89, and Stacking Regressor Mean Squared Error: 19565839.79 are the results of evaluating the ensemble. In comparison to Linear Regression and ensemble approaches, Random Forest models appear to have the lowest Mean Squared Error (MSE), suggesting that they are more effective in predicting the target variable (Voting Regressor and Stacking Regressor). Similar MSE values between Random Forest 1 and Random Forest 2 show that both models accurately predict the target variable.

Random Forest Mean Squared Error: 20942520.922619622 and Random Forest R-squared Score: 0.8651034329144947 are the results of tweaking the ensemble. An error of 20942520.922619622 in the Random Forest Mean Squared Error shows that the model is not correctly predicting the target variable. This suggests that either the model is overfitting the data or underfitting the data, or that the model's hyperparameters need to be modified. The model accounts for 86.51% of the variance in the target variable, according to the Random Forest R-squared Score of 0.8651034329144947. This model is doing well because of the high R-squared score.